rewording / add howto use labels/tags (#674)
kubecost/docs: using-kubecost/navigating-the-kubecost-ui/saved-reports/cost-center-report.md

# Cost Center Report

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Cost Center Report is a beta feature. Please share your feedback as we are in active development of this feature.

Reviewer: The original text is how we describe all beta features and I'd like to leave that as is. "Beta" implies the feature is in active development and is receptive to user feedback, correct? Want to get @kwombach12's feedback here

Author: I didn't see your comment until just now. Let me know and I can re submit.

Reviewer: No worries, I was out for a few days and didn't see this. The rest of the changes look good so we can roll this out while we wait for a response.

After configuring a cost center, you can select _Collapse_ to close that configuration (this is only to condense the page view, it will not affect your overall reported data).

### Tags and labels

> Any cloud provider tag or label can be used, be sure to follow the [respective guide](https://docs.kubecost.com/install-and-configure/install/cloud-integration) to ensure that they are included with the billing data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any cloud provider tag or label can be used, be sure to follow the [respective guide](./cloud-integration.md) to ensure that they are included with the billing data.
```

Local hyperlink instead?
